SCOPE OF THIS POLICY

This privacy policy describes the processing of information provided or collected on the sites and applications where this privacy policy is posted, whether on our digital properties or on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms. It also describes the processing of guest information provided to us or collected by us offline in our physical properties, such as in our stores, theme parks, resorts, and cruise ships, or through our guest call centers. We follow this privacy policy in accordance with applicable law in the places where we operate. In some cases, we may provide additional data privacy notices specific to certain products, practices, or regions. Those terms are to be read in conjunction with this policy.

Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform (for example, via our applications), the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform. The information we collect is covered by this privacy policy, and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform’s privacy practices. Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications. Please also keep in mind that our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your personal information.

COLLAPSE ALL
WHO WE ARE
Our company includes many different brands. When you visit, shop, or create an account with us, or use sites and applications, your information is controlled by a member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. The list of relevant data controllers can be found here.

TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect two basic types of information – personal information (as defined in this policy) and anonymous information (as defined in this policy) – and we may use personal and anonymous information to create a third type of information, aggregate information (also defined in this policy).   In particular, we collect:

Registration information you provide when you create an account, enter a promotion, or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account, such as your first name and surname, country of residence, gender, date of birth, email address, username, and password;
Transaction information you provide when you request information, contact Guest Services, or purchase, return, request, or exchange a product or service from us, such as your postal address, telephone number, and payment information;
Information you provide in public forums on our sites and applications, such as your public posts;
Information sent either one-to-one or within a limited group using our message, chat, post, or similar functionality, where we are permitted by applicable law to collect this information;
Information we obtain from a third party, such as a site or platform provider, about use of our applications on third-party platforms or devices;
Location information, including location information provided by a mobile or other device interacting with one of our sites, applications, or physical properties (including through beacon technologies), or associated with your IP address or other online or device identifier, where we are permitted by law to process this information;
Activity information about your use, and the use by any person(s) you authorize through your account, of our sites and applications, such as the content you view or post, how often you use our services, and your preferences;
Usage, viewing, technical, and device data when you visit our sites, use our applications on third-party sites or platforms, or open emails we send, or connect with our wireless Internet access services and other similar technologies, including your browser or device type, unique device identifier, and IP address;
Still or video images captured by cameras or readers on or around our physical properties; and
Call recordings when you call our reservation centers or other guest services phone numbers.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
We collect information you provide to us when you request or purchase products, services, or information from us, register with us (including when you link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account), participate in public forums or other activities on our sites and applications, respond to guest surveys, visit our physical properties, call our reservation centers or other guest services phone numbers, or otherwise interact with us using one or more devices. You may provide information in a variety of ways, including by typing or using voice commands.
We collect information through a variety of technologies, such as cookies, Flash cookies, pixels, tags, software development kits, application program interfaces, and Web beacons, including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms using one or more devices, whether or not you are logged in or registered. Please visit Online Tracking Technologies and Advertising for further information, including Do Not Track and how to disable cookies and otherwise make choices with respect to such data collection.
We collect information using analytics tools, including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms.
We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically, such as when we validate postal address information using third party services.  Applicable law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY THE WALT DISNEY FAMILY OF COMPANIES
The member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies that is the data controller for your information is responsible for and may use your information for the purposes described in this policy. Other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may access your information where they perform services on behalf of the data controllers (as data processors) and, unless prohibited under applicable law, for use on their own behalf (as data controllers) for the purposes described in this policy. Consistent with applicable law and choices and controls that may be available to you, we may use information collected from you, or from devices associated with you, to:

Provide you with the experiences, products, and services you request, view, engage with, or purchase;
Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information or request feedback about features on our sites and applications or changes to our policies;
Send you offers and promotions for our products and services or third-party products and services;
Personalize content and experiences;
Provide you with targeted advertising based on your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications;
to learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking, please visit Online Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
Operate, understand, optimize, develop, or improve our sites, applications, products, services and operations, including by using guest survey research and analytics tools; and
Detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies, pose safety issues, or be fraudulent or illegal; and
Notify you of product recalls or safety issues.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHER ENTITIES
We will not share your personal information with a third party outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies except in limited circumstances, including:

When you allow us to share your personal information with another company, by electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services;
When you direct us to share your personal information with another company to fulfill your request, such as:
When you book travel packages with us that include goods or services provided by third-party partners, such as airlines, ground transportation providers, third-party hotels, and travel insurance providers; and
When you book dining reservations through us for restaurants operated by third parties.
When you direct us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites.
Please note that once we share your personal information with another company in the above circumstances, the information received by the other company is controlled by that company and becomes subject to the other company’s privacy practices.
When we cooperate with financial institutions to offer co-branded products or services to you, such as our co-branded Disney Rewards Visa Card; however, we will do so only if permitted by applicable law and, in these cases, the financial institutions are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those related to the co-branded products or services;
When you provide personal information to National Geographic Partners, a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company and the National Geographic Society, National Geographic Partners may share that information with the National Geographic Society, and once shared, the information will be controlled by and subject to the privacy policy of the National Geographic Society;
When companies perform services on our behalf, like package delivery, marketing and advertising, and  customer service; however, these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law; and
When we share your personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business, to enforce our Terms of Use or rules, to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties, to comply with legal process, or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law.
YOUR CONTROLS AND CHOICES
We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your information. In accordance with applicable law, your controls and choices may include:

Correcting, updating, and deleting your registration account (Logout);
Choosing or changing your choices for subscriptions, newsletters, and alerts;
Choosing whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services, or products and services that we think may be of interest to you;
Choosing whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services;
Controlling targeted advertising from many ad networks and partners; data exchanges; and marketing analytics and digital advertising and marketing service providers (by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance);
Choosing to control targeted advertising you receive within applications by using the settings and choices made available to you through your device(s), for example, by re-setting your device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest based ads;
Choosing to limit participation in Nielsen digital measurement research (for non-Panelists);
Requesting removal of your personal information from a public forum on one of our sites or application; and
Requesting access to the personal information we hold about you and that we amend or delete it.
You may exercise these controls and choices in various ways, including by visiting Communication Choices (under the Privacy Controls tab), contacting Guest Services, following instructions provided in communications sent to you, or by using your device or other available settings (for example, by re-setting your device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest based ads). You can opt out of interest based ads by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance or European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance or using the opt-out mechanism in the “Interest Based Ads” link in the footer of the site you are visiting.

Please be aware that if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you, we may not be able to deliver certain experiences, products, and services to you, and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences. If collection of personal information is mandatory, we will make that clear at the point of collection so that you can make an informed decision whether to participate.  If you have questions about the specific personal information about you that we process or retain, and your rights regarding that personal information, please contact Guest Services.

CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to personal information we may collect from children on our sites and applications. Some of the features on our sites and applications are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with those features. When we intend to collect personal information from children, we take additional steps to protect children’s privacy, including:

Notifying parents about our information practices with regard to children, including the types of personal information we may collect from children, the uses to which we may put that information, and whether and with whom we may share that information;
In accordance with applicable law, and our practices, obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children, or for sending information about our products and services directly to their children;
Limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity; and
Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted.
For additional information about our practices in the United States regarding children’s personal information, please read our Children’s Privacy Policy.

DATA SECURITY, INTEGRITY, AND RETENTION
The security, integrity, and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification. We regularly review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.

DATA TRANSFERS, STORAGE, AND PROCESSING GLOBALLY
We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to individual companies of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy. Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information. These steps may include implementing standard contractual clauses where recognized by law, obtaining your consent, or other lawful means of transferring personal information.

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us, by posting notice of such changes on our sites and applications, or by other means, consistent with applicable law.

COMMENTS AND QUESTIONS
If you have a comment or question about this privacy policy, please contact Guest Services.

CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS’ RIGHTS
Notice to California Residents: If you are a California resident, you may have certain additional privacy rights. Visit our Your California Privacy Rights page for more information, including how Authorized Agents may make certain requests on behalf of California Residents.

UK & EU RESIDENTS' RIGHTS
Notice to UK & EU Residents: If you are an EU or UK resident, you may have certain additional privacy rights. Visit our UK & EU Privacy Rights page for more information.

BRAZILIAN RESIDENTS' RIGHTS
Notice to Brazilian Residents: If you are a Brazilian resident, you may have certain additional privacy rights. Visit our Data Protection in Brazil page for more information.

This notice to California residents is provided under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Cal. Civ. Code 1798.100, et seq. This notice supplements our Privacy Policy by explaining your privacy rights if you are a California resident, providing our “notice at collection,” and providing certain mandated disclosures about our treatment of California residents’ information, both online and offline.

COLLAPSE ALL
NOTICE OF COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect these categories of personal information when you interact with us: identifiers/contact information, demographic information (such as gender and age), payment card information associated with you, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above.

We collect this information so that we can best serve you, including to fulfill your requests and to share offers that we think you may be interested in.  A more detailed description of these purposes is in our Privacy Policy under “Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies.”

California residents also have the right to “opt out” of the “sale” of their “personal information” to “third parties” (as those terms are defined in the CCPA and described below).

CCPA MANDATORY DISCLOSURES
We also make the following disclosures for purposes of compliance with the CCPA:

We collected the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, demographic information (such as gender and age), payment card information associated with you, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above.
The sources of personal information from whom we collected are: directly from our guests, third-party sites or platforms that you link with your registration account, analytics tools, social networks, advertising networks, and third-party services that update or supplement information we hold about you.
The business or commercial purposes of collecting personal information are as summarized in our “notice at collection” section, and as described in more detail in our Privacy Policy under “Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies.”
We disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, demographic information (such as gender and age), payment card information associated with you, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above. We disclosed each category to third-party business partners and service providers, third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites, and other third parties as described in the “Sharing Your Personal Information with Other Entities” section of the Privacy Policy.
As the term is defined by the CCPA, we “sold” the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences drawn from the above. We “sold” each category to advertising networks, data analytics providers, and social networks.
The business or commercial purposes of “selling” personal information is for third-party companies to perform services on our behalf, such as marketing, advertising, and audience measurement.
We do not “sell” personal information of known minors under 16 years of age.
YOUR RIGHTS
Right to Access
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request, up to two times each year, access to categories and specific pieces of personal information about you that we collect, use, disclose, and sell.

Right to Delete
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we delete personal information that we collect from you, subject to applicable legal exceptions.

Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information
If you are a California resident, you have the right to “opt out” of the “sale” of your “personal information” to “third parties” (as those terms are defined in the CCPA).

Process to Make a CCPA Request

Making Access and Deletion Requests

To make an access or deletion request, please visit ccpa.disney.com. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity.

Instructions for Authorized Agents Making Access and Deletion Requests

You may also use an authorized agent to submit an access or deletion request on your behalf.  Authorized agents may submit access and deletion requests at ccpa.disney.com/agents. An authorized agent must have your signed permission to submit a request on your behalf or provide proof that they have power of attorney in accordance with California probate law. Authorized agents that are business entities must be registered with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California. Before completing requests from authorized agents, we may contact you directly to confirm you’ve given your permission and/or to verify your identity.

Making Requests to “Opt Out” of the “Sale” of “Personal Information”

To submit a request to opt out of the sale of your personal information, you may visit our “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” Rights page or send an email to caprivacy@twdc.com with the subject line “do not sell info.”  You may also use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt out on your behalf if you provide the authorized agent signed written permission to do so.  Authorized agents may submit requests to opt out by visiting ccpa.disney.com/agentsdnsmi. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.

Shine the Light Act
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We take great pride in the relationship of trust we have built with our guests over many years and we are dedicated to treating your personal information with care and respect. Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83(c)(2), members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies do not share guests’ personal information with other member companies or others outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies for those parties’ direct marketing use unless a guest elects that we do so.

To make such a request, please send an email to caprivacy@twdc.com or write us at:
CA Privacy Rights
Disney Interactive Media Group
500 South Buena Vista Street
Mail Code 7667
Burbank, CA 91521-7667
Removal of Content
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted.

To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to caprivacy@twdc.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS METRICS
Request to Know
Requests Received: 5,338
Requests Completed in Whole or in Part: 4,293
Requests Not Completed*: 1,045
Average Days to Complete: 6
Request to Delete
Requests Received: 5,173
Requests Completed in Whole or in Part: 4,424
Requests Not Completed*: 749
Average Days to Complete: 7
This data reflects all requests received from individuals in the U.S. as well as certain requests from individuals outside of the U.S. between January 1 and December 31, 2020.
* Requests may not be completed due to various factors including because a request was not verifiable, was made multiple times, or where we did not have any personal information associated with the requester.

Request to Opt Out
For the reporting period, we provided California consumers with information about certain controls and choices they could use to effectuate opt-outs through third-party tools for which we do not maintain metrics.

The Walt Disney Family of Companies (“TWDC”) is committed to protecting the privacy of children who use our sites and applications. This Children’s Online Privacy Policy explains our information collection, disclosure, and parental consent practices with respect to information provided by children under the age of 13 (“child” or “children”), and uses terms that are defined in our general Privacy Policy. This policy is in accordance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), and outlines our practices in the United States regarding children’s personal information. For more information about COPPA and general tips about protecting children’s online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online.

The Walt Disney Company’s Child Directed Websites and Mobile Apps are included in PRIVO’s Kids Privacy Assured COPPA Safe Harbor Certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children’s personal information collected online. PRIVO aims to help parents and their children exercise control over personal information while exploring the Internet. The PRIVO COPPA certification seal posted on this page indicates The Walt Disney Company has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at (877) 466-6669 or privacycontact@twdc.com. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com.

COLLAPSE ALL
1. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM CHILDREN, HOW WE USE IT, AND HOW AND WHEN WE COMMUNICATE WITH PARENTS
TWDC offers to its users a range of sites and applications, some of which are primarily targeted at children, and others that are intended for users of all ages and their families. Our sites and applications offer a variety of activities, including activities that may collect information from children. Below we summarize potential instances of collection and outline how and when we will provide parental notice and/or seek parental consent. In any instance that we collect personal information from a child, we will retain that information only so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the activity request or allow the child to continue to participate in the activity, and ensure the security of our users and our services, or as required by law. In the event we discover we have collected information from a child in a manner inconsistent with COPPA’s requirements, we will either delete the information or immediately seek the parent’s consent for that collection.

Registration

Children can, in many cases, register with our sites and applications to view content, play games, participate in contests, and engage in special features, among other things. During the registration process, we may ask the child to provide certain information for notification and security purposes, including a parent or guardian’s email address, the child’s first name and gender, the child’s member or account username, and password. We also may ask for birth dates from children to validate their ages. We strongly advise children never to provide any personal information in their usernames. Please note that children can choose whether to share their information with us, but certain features cannot function without it. As a result, children may not be able to access certain features if required information has not been provided. We will not require a child to provide more information than is reasonably necessary in order to participate in an online activity.

About the collection of parent email address: Consistent with the requirements of COPPA, on any child-targeted site or application, or in any instance where we ask for age and determine the user is age 12 or under, we will ask for a parent or guardian email address before we collect any personal information from the child. If you believe your child is participating in an activity that collects personal information and you or another parent/guardian have NOT received an email providing notice or seeking your consent, please feel free to contact us at privacycontact@twdc.com. We will not use parent emails provided for parental consent purposes to market to the parent, unless the parent has expressly opted in to email marketing or has separately participated in an activity that allows for such email contact.

Content Generated by a Child

Certain activities on our sites and applications allow children to create or manipulate content and save it with TWDC. Some of these activities do not require children to provide any personal information and therefore may not result in notice to the parent or require parental consent. If an activity potentially allows a child to insert personal information in their created content, we will either pre-screen the submission to delete any personal information, or we will seek verifiable parental consent by email for the collection. Examples of created content that may include personal information are stories or other open-text fields, and drawings that allow text or free-hand entry of information. If, in addition to collecting content that includes personal information, TWDC also plans to post the content publicly or share it with a third party for the third party’s own use, we will obtain a higher level of parental consent.

About Verifiable Parental Consent:

Email Consent. In the event TWDC wishes to collect personal information from a child, COPPA requires that we first seek a parent or guardian’s consent by email. In the email we will explain what information we are collecting, how we plan to use it, how the parent can provide consent, and how the parent can revoke consent. If we do not receive parental consent within a reasonable time, we will delete the parent contact information and any other information collected from the child in connection with that activity.

High-Level Consent. In the event TWDC collects personal information from a child that will be posted publicly, we will seek a higher level of consent than email consent. Such “high-level” methods of consent include but are not limited to asking for a credit card or other payment method for verification (with a nominal charge involved), speaking to a trained customer service representative by telephone or video chat, or requiring a signed consent form by mail, email attachment, or fax. After providing high-level consent, a parent may have the opportunity to use a pin or password in future communications as a way to confirm the parent’s identity.

Teacher consent in lieu of a parent. With regard to school-based activities, COPPA allows teachers and school administrators to act in the stead of parents to provide consent for the collection of personal information from children. Schools should always notify parents about these activities. For more information on parental rights with respect to a child’s educational record under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), please visit the FERPA site.

Chat

Certain games and activities that are directed to children allow users to communicate directly with other users by means of a chat system. In most cases, these chat systems employ filters that are intended to prevent the communication of both personal information and age-inappropriate words and phrases. In addition to filters, we may employ live moderation and/or encourage other users to flag inappropriate communications. We strongly encourage children who use these interactive features on our sites and applications never to provide personal information about themselves or any third party, and certainly never to attempt to circumvent our filters or moderation. We also recommend that parents carefully supervise their children when the children participate in online activities.

Where TWDC employs a chat system that does not filter all or nearly all personal information, we will first seek high-level consent from the parent.

Contests and Sweepstakes

For contests and sweepstakes, we typically require only the information necessary for a child to participate, such as first name (to distinguish among family members) and parent email address (to notify the parent where required by law). We only contact the parent for more personalized information for prize-fulfillment purposes when the child wins the contest or sweepstakes.

Of course, some contests and sweepstakes ask the child to submit their own created content along with the child’s entry. In those instances, we may require parental consent prior to submission. Please see Content Generated by a Child above for more information on our collection, notice, and consent policies.

Email Contact with a Child

On occasion, in order to respond to a question or request from a child, TWDC may need to ask for the child’s online contact information, such as an email address. TWDC will delete this information immediately after responding to the question or request.

In connection with certain activities or services, we may collect a child’s online contact information, such as an email address, in order to communicate with the child more than once. In such instances we will retain the child’s online contact information to honor the request and for no other purpose such as marketing. One example would be a newsletter that provides occasional updates about a site, game/activity, television show, personality/character, or feature movie. Whenever we collect a child’s online contact information for ongoing communications, we will simultaneously require a parent email address in order to notify the parent about the collection and use of the child’s information, as well as to provide the parent an opportunity to prevent further contact with the child. On some occasions a child may be engaged in more than one ongoing communication, and a parent may be required to “opt-out” of each communication individually.

Push Notifications

Push notifications are notifications on mobile and other devices that are typically associated with downloaded applications, and which can communicate to the device holder even when the application is not in use. We will require a child to provide a parent email address before the child can receive push notifications from our child-directed applications that collect a device identifier. We will then provide the parent with notice of our contact with the child and will provide the parent the opportunity to prevent further notifications. Finally, we will not associate the device identifier with other personal information without contacting the parent to get consent.

Geolocation Data

If a child-directed TWDC site or application collects geolocation information that is specific enough to equate to the collection of a street address, we will first seek parental consent via email.

Persistent Identifiers

When children interact with us, certain information may automatically be collected, both to make our sites and applications more interesting and useful to children and for various purposes related to our business. Examples include the type of computer operating system, the child’s IP address or mobile device identifier, the web browser, the frequency with which the child visits various parts of our sites or applications, and information regarding the online or mobile service provider. This information is collected using technologies such as cookies, flash cookies, web beacons, and other unique identifiers (which we define under the “Online Tracking Technologies” section of our general Privacy Policy). This information may be collected by TWDC or by a third party. This data is principally used for internal purposes only, in order to:

provide children with access to features and activities on our sites and applications
customize content and improve our sites and applications
conduct research and analysis to address the performance of our sites and applications
generate anonymous reporting for use by TWDC
In the event we collect (or allow others to collect) such information from children on our sites and applications for other purposes, we will notify parents and obtain consent prior to such collection.

Visit the Third-Party Operators page to see the list of third-party operators who collect persistent identifiers on our sites and applications.

Please contact us at the mailing address, email, or phone number below with questions about the operators’ privacy policies and collection and use practices:

Disney Interactive
500 South Buena Vista Street
Mail Code 7667
Burbank, CA 91521-7667
United States of America

Phone: (877) 466-6669
Email: privacycontact@twdc.com

2. WHEN INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM CHILDREN IS AVAILABLE TO OTHERS
In addition to those rare instances where a child’s personal information is posted publicly (after receiving high-level parental consent), we also may share or disclose personal information collected from children in a limited number of instances, including the following:

We may share information with our service providers if necessary for them to perform a business, professional, or technology support function for us.
We may disclose personal information if permitted or required by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we also may disclose personal information collected from children (i) in response to a law enforcement or public agency’s (including schools or children services) request; (ii) if we believe disclosure may prevent the instigation of a crime, facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a child using our sites or applications; (iii) to protect the security or integrity of our sites, applications, and other technology, as well as the technology of our service providers; or (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability.
3. PARENTAL CHOICES AND CONTROLS
At any time, parents can refuse to permit us to collect further personal information from their children in association with a particular account, and can request that we delete from our records the personal information we have collected in connection with that account. Please keep in mind that a request to delete records may lead to a termination of an account, membership, or other service.

Where a child has registered for a Disney.com account, we use two methods to allow parents to access, change, or delete the personally identifiable information that we have collected from their children:

 Parents can request access to and delete their child’s personal information by logging on to the child’s account (Logout). Parents will need their child’s username and password. The Your Account home page explains how to recover a password if the child cannot recall it.
Parents can contact Guest Services to request access to, change, or delete their child’s personal information by sending an email to us at ms_support@help.go.com. A valid request to delete personal information will be accommodated within a reasonable time.